async support for `callback_for` (#66)
scrapinghub/scrapy-poet: docs/intro/basic-tutorial.rst

    ``response.follow_all(links, callback_for(BookPage))``, without creating
    an attribute, but currently it won't work with Scrapy disk queues.

.. tip::

>     :func:`~.callback_for` also supports `async generators` by checking if the
>     ``to_item()`` method is a coroutine. So having the following:

Reviewer: Maybe we can remove this, as an implementation detail?

```suggestion
    :func:`~.callback_for` also supports `async generators`. So having the
    following:
```

    .. code-block:: python

        class BookPage(web_poet.ItemWebPage):
            async def to_item(self):
                return await do_something_async()

        callback_for(BookPage)

    would result in:

    .. code-block:: python

        async def parse_book(self, response: DummyResponse, page: BookPage):
            yield await page.to_item()

>     This is useful when the Page Objects uses additional requests which relies
>     heavily on ``async/await`` format. More info on this in this tutorial section:
>     :ref:`intro-additional-requests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This is useful when the Page Objects uses additional requests, which rely
    heavily on ``async/await`` syntax. More info on this in this tutorial 
    section: :ref:`intro-additional-requests`.
```
